welcome to video culinary today we're
making shrimp tempura
to make the shrimp straight make a few
shallow horizontal cuts on the stomach
side of the shrimp gently press and
massage it this will prevent the shrimp
from curling up during fine mix 160
grams of flour one teaspoon of baking
powder and half a teaspoon of salt mix
300 milliliters of ice water into the
flour just until incorporated be careful
not to over mix the tempura batter small
lumps result in a light and crisp
coating
stirrin 2 teaspoons of sesame oil
pick up the shrimp by the tail and dip
into the tempura batter carefully lower
the shrimp into the hot oil hold the
tail for two seconds and release
fry in plenty of oil heated to 170 to
190 degrees Celsius until light golden
brown transfer to a paper towel-lined
plate to observe the excess oil and
serve thank you so much for joining us
please subscribe to keep up with all the
latest recipes from videoculinary.com